samples: bluetooth: peripehral_uart: All to run complete sample on nRF54H20 radio core (#17224)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/peripheral_uart/README.rst

.. include:: /includes/nRF54H20_erase_UICR.txt

Experimental nRF54H20 SoC radio core only build
===============================================

> The sample can also be build in a configuration that allows to run it on nRf54H20 SoC radio core only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample can also be build in a configuration that allows to run it on the nRF54H20 SoC radio core only.
```

> The sample can also be build in a configuration that allows to run it on the nRF54H20 SoC radio core only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample can also be built in a configuration that allows it to run on the nRF54H20 SoC radio core only. 
```

Author: Done

> To build the sample in such configuration use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the sample with this configuration, use the following command:
```

.. code-block:: console

>    west build -b nrf54h20dk/nrf54h20/cpurad -p -- -DSNIPPET="nrf54h-dk-buttons-leds-on-radio;nrf54h-settings-storage-on-radio"wes

Reviewer 2: "wes?

Author: Thanks, that was leftover.
